capital = 619
primary_culture = south_german
culture = czech
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.25
civilized = yes

#Political Reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools


#New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = regionalism
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = AUS_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 25
    conservative = 61
    reactionary = 14
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}
