capital = 2574
primary_culture = tswana
culture = nguni
culture = herero
culture = khoisan
religion = animist
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.6
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.1
civilized = no

#Political Reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = low_minimum_wage
work_hours = ten_hours
safety_regulations = low_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = trinket_subsidies
pensions = trinket_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = settlement

set_country_flag = animist_country
set_country_flag = lacking_writing_system

ruling_party = RHO_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 14
    conservative = 77
    reactionary = 9
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}
