capital = 473
primary_culture = north_italian
culture = french
religion = catholic
government = colonial_company_2
plurality = 0.1
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.48
civilized = yes


#Political Reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = catholic_country
set_country_flag = french_accepted

ruling_party = CRS_liberal
upper_house = {
    fascist = 1
    liberal = 49
    conservative = 39
    reactionary = 12
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}
