capital = 2110
primary_culture = afro_dutch
culture = boer
culture = khoisan
culture = tswana
religion = reformed
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 2.5
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.14
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.05

#Political Reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = harassment

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = protestant_country
set_country_flag = new_world_nation

ruling_party = ZOU_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 14
    conservative = 70
    reactionary = 16
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

#Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

#Inventions
steam_powered_sugar_mills = yes

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "ZOU_oob.txt"
