capital = 1309
civilized = no   primary_culture = marathi
culture = tamil
culture = telegu
culture = kannada
religion = hindu
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.01  non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01  #literacy = 0.01  non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
#non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01  non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01  ##non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01  non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01  #literacy = 0.01  non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = acceptable_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = no_draft
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = closed_borders
centralization = confederalism
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = unciv
set_country_flag = hindu_country
schools = unciv_tech_school
ruling_party = "Nobility Faction"
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 11
	conservative = 73
	reactionary = 16
	radical = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Inventions
#bottling_process = yes
modern_winemaking = yes



# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
clipper_design = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1