capital = 1616
primary_culture = han_chinese
culture = manchu
culture = hakka
culture = miao
culture = min
culture = zhuang
culture = yue
culture = yi
culture = hanhui
religion = confucian
government = democracy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.08
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.02
is_releasable_vassal = no

#Political Reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = all_voting_pops
border_policy = closed_borders
centralization = regionalism
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = mahayana_country

ruling_party = CHI_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 0
    conservative = 75
    reactionary = 25
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

#Technologies

#Inventions
modern_winemaking = yes

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "CHI_oob.txt"
