capital = 2279
primary_culture = north_andean
religion = catholic
government = democracy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.1
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes
prestige = 3

#Political Reforms
slavery = freedom_of_womb
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = harassment

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = ECU_conservative
last_election = 1834.8.8
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 39
    conservative = 48
    reactionary = 13
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = new_world_nation

#Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
the_command_principle = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
hot_blast = 1

#Inventions
flintlock_rifle_armament = yes
dragoon_activation = yes
hussar_activation = yes
cuirassier_activation = yes
modern_sail_ships = yes
building_station_shipyards = yes
clipper_shipyard_construction = yes
silver_standard = yes
declaration_of_the_rights_of_man = yes

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "ECU_oob.txt"
