capital = 1538
primary_culture = british
culture = han_chinese
culture = manchu
culture = hakka
culture = miao
culture = min
culture = zhuang
culture = yue
culture = yi

religion = confucian
government = democracy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.08
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.02
is_releasable_vassal = no

#Political Reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools


#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = all_voting_pops
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies


set_country_flag = mahayana_country

ruling_party = CHI_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 25
    conservative = 50
    reactionary = 25
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

#Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
breech_loaded_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
iron_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
military_plans = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
steamers = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
ideological_thought = 1
state_n_government = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
experimental_railroad = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
medicine = 1
high_pressure_steam_engine = 1
interchangeable_parts = 1
battleship_column_doctrine = 1
stock_exchange = 1
ad_hoc_money_bill_printing = 1
private_bank_money_bill_printing = 1
late_classical_theory = 1
market_structure = 1
business_regulations = 1

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

govt_flag = {
	government = colonial_company
	flag = theocracy
}
