capital = 2295
primary_culture = south_andean
religion = catholic
government = presidential_dictatorship
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.09
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes
prestige = 2
is_releasable_vassal = no

#Political Reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

#Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = one_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = quota_immigration
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = PEU_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 29
    conservative = 57
    reactionary = 14
    radical = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = new_world_nation

#Technologies
#post_napoleonic_thought = 1
#flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
#post_nelsonian_thought = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1

#Inventions
steam_powered_sugar_mills = yes

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0
